[sound-manager][ACR-1781] Add the guide for effect method APIs (#1849)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/native/guides/multimedia/sound-manager.md

  You can manually [route your stream](#stream_routing) to a specific device.

> - Adding method effects to a stream information

Reviewer: The change is suggested to keep consistency with the heading of the section.
```suggestion
- Adding effect methods to a stream information
```

> - Adding effect methods to a stream information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adding sound effect methods to a stream information
```

>   You can [add sound effects](#stream_effect_method) to the stream information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can [add sound effects](#stream_effect_method) to the stream information.
```

>   You can [add sound effects](#stream_effect_method) to the stream information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can [add sound effects](#stream_effect_method) a stream information.
```

>   You can [add sound effects](#stream_effect_method) a stream information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can [add sound effects](#stream_effect_method) to a stream information.
```

   sound_manager_free_device_list(device_list);
   ```

<a name="stream_effect_method"></a>

> ## Add effect methods to a stream information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add sound effect methods to a stream information
```

> ## Adding effect methods to a stream information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add effect methods to a stream information
```

There are couple of effect methods for preprocessing. When you start to capture audio streams, you can enable several methods simultaneously.
If these methods are set, the capture stream will be preprocessed by the audio framework before receiving it.

> There are two types of APIs that you can use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The two types of APIs that you can use are described below:
```

> - In case of exclusive methods named `sound_effect_method_with_reference_e`, It includes Acoustic Echo Cancellation(AEC) functionality and it can not be set with other methods because it uses a playback reference that is a exclusive system resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In case of exclusive methods like `sound_effect_method_with_reference_e`, It includes Acoustic Echo Cancellation (AEC) functionality and it cannot be set with other methods because it uses a playback reference because it is an exclusive system resource.
```

> - In case of exclusive methods like `sound_effect_method_with_reference_e`, It includes Acoustic Echo Cancellation (AEC) functionality and it cannot be set with other methods because it uses a playback reference because it is an exclusive system resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In case of exclusive methods like `sound_effect_method_with_reference_e`, it includes Acoustic Echo Cancellation (AEC) functionality and it cannot be set with other methods because it uses a playback reference because it is an exclusive system resource.
```

> - In case of exclusive methods like `sound_effect_method_with_reference_e`, it includes Acoustic Echo Cancellation (AEC) functionality and it cannot be set with other methods because it uses a playback reference because it is an exclusive system resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In case of exclusive methods like `sound_effect_method_with_reference_e`, it includes Acoustic Echo Cancellation (AEC) functionality and it cannot be set with other methods because it uses a playback reference which is an exclusive system resource.
```

> - In case of `sound_effect_method_e`, There are like Noise-Suppression(NS) and Automatic Gain Control(AGC) that don't need a reference playback. Therefore, you can use these methods simultaneously using 'or' keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In case of `sound_effect_method_e`, there are functionalities like Noise-Suppression (NS) and Automatic Gain Control (AGC) that don't need a reference playback. Therefore, you can use these methods simultaneously using the 'or' keyword.
```

> - In case of `sound_effect_method_e`, there are functionalities like Noise-Suppression (NS) and Automatic Gain Control (AGC) that don't need a reference playback. Therefore, you can use these methods simultaneously using the 'or' keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In case of `sound_effect_method_e`, there are functionalities like Noise Suppression (NS) and Automatic Gain Control (AGC) that don't need a reference playback. Therefore, you can use these methods simultaneously using the 'or' keyword.
```

> 1. Add effect method(AEC) with a reference device to a stream information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add effect method Acoustic Echo Cancellation (AEC) with a reference device to a stream information:
```

   ```
   /* Add the AEC method based on WEBRTC */
   int ret, size;
   char buffer[MAX_SIZE];
   sound_stream_info_h stream_info;
   sound_device_list_h device_list = NULL;
   sound_device_h device;
   audio_in_h input = NULL;

   ret = sound_manager_create_stream_information(SOUND_STREAM_TYPE_MEDIA, NULL, NULL, &stream_info);
   ret = sound_manager_get_device_list(SOUND_DEVICE_ALL_MASK, &device_list);

   ret = sound_manager_get_next_device(device_list, &device)
   ret = sound_manager_set_effect_method_with_reference(stream_info, SOUND_EFFECT_ACOUSTIC_ECHO_CANCEL_WEBRTC, device);

   ret = audio_in_create(48000, AUDIO_CHANNEL_MONO, AUDIO_SAMPLE_TYPE_S16_LE, &input);
   ret = audio_in_set_sound_stream_info(input, stream_info);
   ret = audio_in_get_buffer_size(input, &size);
   ret = audio_in_prepare(handle);

   while (1)
       ret = audio_in_read(input, (void *)buffer, size);

   audio_in_unprepare(input);
   audio_in_destroy(input);
   sound_manager_destroy_stream_information(stream_info);
   sound_manager_free_device_list(device_list);
   ```

> 2. Add effect method(NS and AGC) simultaneously to a stream information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add effect method Noise-Suppression (NS) and Automatic Gain Control (AGC) simultaneously to a stream information:
```

> 2. Add effect method Noise-Suppression (NS) and Automatic Gain Control (AGC) simultaneously to a stream information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add effect methods Noise-Suppression (NS) and Automatic Gain Control (AGC) simultaneously to a stream information:
```
